This document contains a reference for all flags that can be passed to the
installer.

--cachedir=/path/to/cachedir
Required. Must be absolute.

--loggingdir=/path/to/logdir
Must be absolute. Required unless --disable-logging is passed.

--disable-logging
Pass this flag to completely disable logging. --loggingdir will be ignored if
this is passed.

--dbtype=sqlite
Required. Only SQLite is supported at the moment, so this is in place purely
for the purposes of forwards-compatibility.

--sqlite-path=/path/to/pictorials.db
Optional. Must be absolute. If this is omitted, you will be greeted with an
interactive prompt to enter the path. Only necessary when using SQLite.

--script-baseurl=(default|/path/under/webroot/pictorials.php)
Optional. Must be absolute if not using the default. This controls the base
path used to actually access the frontend web interface, and is also used for
generating script URLs used by the frontend javascript. If this is omitted, you
will be greeted with an interactive prompt to enter the path. The default value
is "/pictorials.php".

--asset-baseurl=(default|/path/under/webroot/pictorials/|/path/under/webroot/pictorials-static.php)
Optional. Must be absolute if not using the default. This controls the base
path used for generating asset URLs. If this is omitted, you will be greeted
with an interactive prompt to enter the path. If --php-static-assets is also
passed, the default is "/pictorials-static.php". If not, the default is
"/pictorials/".

--php-static-assets
This will switch over asset URL generation to send all assets through PHP,
rather than relying on a web server. This could be preferable for certain types
of deployments.

--webroot=/path/to/webroot
Optional. Must be absolute. If you supply this flag, the installer will
automatically create the entry point script as specified by the --script-baseurl
flag, and either symlink the assets folder or create the static assets script.
If this is omitted, you will be greeted with an interactive prompt to
optionally enter the path. To avoid being greeted with an interactive prompt
AND avoid the automatic file/symlink creation, ensure the following environment
variable is set:
PICTORIALS_INSTALL_NONINTERACTIVE=true

--appname=<name>
Optional. The default value is "Pictorials". This is used purely for branding
purposes on the frontend web interface.
